Hi everybody and welcome to
source code. That's Jesse, my
saying hi as well.
On a second. Well, I got to
off with a gripe right off the
I've spent hours
today trying to find software
will do what I wanted to do to
these shows.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
And it wasn't easy searching the
today because we had not one but
different families
come to check out the house, see
they want to buy it.
Which, you know, it's kind of
Anyway, so I mean, I've been
around and there's
plenty of software if you want
stream stuff live to a
server or live 365.
But nothing, excuse me, that
includes the ability to mix more
one of those
to MP3s together and to also
a microphone channel, at least
for Macintosh. So if
anyone has any ideas, love to
about them. Let's see. Well,
because one of the main
reasons actually that want to
that type of a setup is, you
for stuff like a
song of the day. I've done some
with keep holding the mic up to
speaker,
but it sucks. Yeah, if I'm going
put songs on, then might as well
good, or at least
halfway decent. One to just stop
and think for a second about
Child, who
passed away yesterday, age 91,
I, it's a nice age actually, I
if, you know,
but she's one of these people
been around for just, you know,
for generations.
I remember as a kid living in
Maryland, Julia Child came to
at the local,
I think it was the high school.
and you can hire pleasant view
or something like that.
And, yes, she cooked up a big,
batch of spaghetti and meatballs
families.
I could, you know, for a couple
ahead go eat there.
And I remember distinctly the
was really good, although a bit
by the time
we got ours.
I remember my parents were like
little bit tense.
They were a little bit tense
the service, which of course was
by high school kids.
So people who came in after us
served before us.
Anyway, but it was good.
I do remember that.
And I actually found a Julia
quote and she had a lot of
good ones through
the blog digger enclosure feed.
Check this out.
Now, hold on a second.
See, this is why I need good
to do this for me.
Okay, here's that quote again.
Just boil it in a big pot of
See other things I sometimes
my eye was a Paris Hilton
Her dogs gone missing her her
a pet chihuahua
I gotta say I really like the
Hilton reality show the one she
with Nicole Ritchie
Even though it's not officially
broadcast in Europe yet. I don't
maybe it's gonna start in
I've I've seen the entire first
and I'm up to almost up to speed
the second season
because of the bit torrent feeds
able to
Download an episode well maybe
or three days after it's been
and I'm using
This great program called
I've linked to it before
it's basically it's a little
application script and
I have it sitting on the
server at my data center and it
keywords and it can only it's
pretty
rudimentary but so it can only
one RSS feed and it looks for
which
are just basic search terms so
got in their simple life growing
Gody
which is a new show that I just
just started watching. Hi
That's my daughter Christina.
He's going to use the other
so I'll just walk outside to
for a second to
you guys.
So back to the keywords.
It's really great because it
sits there, it parses through
big RSS file that comes
in and it's updated very
The TV torrents.
And when it catches one of those
it downloads it.
So of course I'm also getting
serendipitous content.
Not everything that has the
simple and life in the title is
Hilton's reality
show.
And then once it's in there, I
notified and then at my
I just download,
batch download, all the new
which is a pretty fast link.
And that way it saves me a lot
hassle and the aggregation is 24
So basically it's the last yard.
It's on my server just not at
house yet.
And what I really like about
is that it doesn't leave your
files open.
So it just sucks it in and of
while it's downloading a file
it doesn't one
at a time which also helps on
the pipes.
It is uploading but once it's
it's done and then it goes on to
next torrent.
Because last night I downloaded
torrent here which is a 250 meg
file and this morning
when I woke up I had pushed out
750 megs and like you know that
more than I thought
I had to offer it and not that I
mind about the cost or anything
I literally
can't buy more upstream than
from my ISP here in Belgium.
Well, I'm just gonna take a look
my notes for a second.
Right.
So that's one final thing.
Last night, watched the
the opening ceremony,
which was prime time here in
And I thought that the Greek did
pretty good job.
Their opening show wasn't as
for TV
as it was, for instance, in Los
or Sydney.
But the show definitely was
And water is always hard to do
television
to make it look really
What I thought was, well, first
all, there was DJ Chiesto,
who was our pride and joy in the
He was spinning all the dance
during the presentation of all
the athletes
from all the countries as they
around the track
and then collected into the
That was so very cool seeing
He's been voted top DJ of the
for the, I think, the past three
consecutively.
What caught my eye is that the
of video cameras
cameras and digital still
but the athletes who were being
the crowd
carried with them was like wow
I'd love to see some of that
or some of those
pictures and you know we have
the bits we could connect them
together. I'm presuming
that they have some kind of
access in the in what is it in
Olympic Village
but maybe they even have Wi-Fi I
know but it should be just as
as plugging
your camera into your laptop and
saying broadcast this. And I
there's
two sides to that equation and
trying to fix the first side
working on it in
audio to make the iPod more than
something that you sync to
I want your iPod
to be a receiver in a way where
put it in its cradle to charge
it loads it up
with new audio from the web.
and that's it.
And it should be seamless.
You don't have to think about it
it should let you know.
And it should, you know, that
done that and it put it
into a perfect playlist.
And I've been hacking around
that, which is pretty easy,
well, relatively easy on the Mac
it's already
kind of meant to work together.
So I'm going to continue working
that and release the script
or code or whatever you want to
it and who knows,
maybe folks will make it work
Windows.
And then, of course, is the
side to the equation,
which is how do you make it
for people to broadcast that?
Is it as simple as maybe
an on the go playlist
on your iPod?
And when you put it back into
charging stand,
it looks at that playlist and
it into an RSS 2.0 feed
with enclosures.
And maybe the enclosures are
files.
I don't know.
Well, I guess I don't have to
because this is source code,
This is just stuff running
my brain
I was a little more
than I wanted.
Ahh...
No, that's about it.
I'm gonna walk out one more
It's weird.
Can't sit in the in the bar with
my daughter and talk to you like
cuz she'd probably burst out
If you heard me talking to
so that's it
For today's edition
If you do have any ideas about
software
That that I need you know that
a mic channel
Please drop me line Adam at
calm
Or you know leave a comment
on my web log live
Curie calm l i v e dot curry
Well, I guess it should have
the beginning. This was source
for Saturday August 14th 2004
We'll talk to you again tomorrow
Bye